Mr. Xu, you have a way to save him, right?
I beg you
I beg you, save him
I would give my life
There's a way to save him
But his spirit bone has been broken
Want to save him
Maybe I need a drug addiction
What addiction?
Your elixir
Lingdan is like this
You two are connected
To Linggu
Can provide you with reiki
And the elixir condensed by your Reiki
It can also help him repair Reiki
Xiao Qiao, you have to think about it
Condensing spirit pills requires a lot of spiritual energy
He is now
His spirit bones are now damaged
I can't provide you with reiki anymore
You will die like this
He's doing this because of me
I'm not afraid
Miss Chen
I can't forget you
Wake up quickly, okay?
Miss Chen
Dr. Shen Qiujie, doctor, come to the doctor